So idk abt the audio effects, i feel like it needs more like, musical stuff yk?
And i feel like the leaderboard should show the biggest win, but also for accounts, how much balance they got, so its like a challenge whos the luckiest/the biggest gambler.
Oh and then theres a actual bug aswell, for some reason, some of the slots just start spinning infinetely or they just dissapear, like you can still win and stuff, game is ok, but like it just spins and spins and spins.
And also i feel like that there should be less of the neon lights on text and stuff, so like the text can easily be seen and etc. Maybe some effects if a big big ammount is won but other than that eeeeeehh.
Then there should be a system where once a person logs in with theyre account, they continue with the money that they left off with, and progressive jackpot should always stay.
Also add a uhh box what shows recent major wins by other players, like a second win log basically.
The hidden rig should have more multipliers, then make sure that the hidden rig is activated only for the person who pressed the secret button, the special game in general should get bigger multipliers.
If someone buys the special game, the cost of the game should go to progressive jackpot
In the top where it shows how many people are online add that it shows real accounts online and guests online. but leaderboard tracking is for only people who got a uh account.
Then to the very bottom of the page add a sentence where it says "add money to account" but make it barely visible, and after that a "add" button, but instead of giving money its gonna open YouTube and rick roll them
And then in general slightly increase the winning chance
It also seems like for some bets the uh special game price wont change
Also add a button for auto special game
Set the custom limit to 999 quadtrillion
Try to add a panel where a admin can log in with a password, and the the person who logged in can timeout players
Special game has 20 spins, once special game is done it shows how much moneu was earnt or lost
Also add a chat what the players playing can use
Also would be nice if there would be a time thing what shows how many days and hours someone has played it.
Can you add this sound to any win whats over 100 million: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bgqk6t9Be1Q
Add a thing that every time another 10 trillion is in the uh progressive jackpot, there is a 50% boost for getting multipliers for 5 mins so like every 10 20 30 40 50 60 and so on trillion
The chance to hit big multipliers is too small fr